Feat: Request termination plugin (#527)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_gateway_entities/plugin.md

{% plugin_scopes %}

## Plugin priority

> All of the plugins bundled with Kong Gateway have a static priority. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the plugins bundled with {{site.base_gateway}} have a static priority. 
```

This can be [adjusted dynamically](#dynamic-plugin-ordering) using the plugin's `ordering` configuration parameter.

<!-- @todo: migrate table from https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/kong-enterprise/plugin-ordering/ -->

> ## Dynamic plugin ordering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Dynamic plugin ordering
```
I think this should be an h3 under plugin priority since this is related to that.
